[Docs] Add 'Connecting to Remote Providers' section in Troubleshooting Guide (#4623)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/reference/troubleshooting/installation.md

#### See Also

- [Error Code Reference](/reference/error-codes)

## Meshery Remote Providers

> Once Meshery is installed, the remote provider "Meshery" can be chosen from UI or by using command `mesheryctl system login`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Meshery is installed, the remote provider "Meshery" can be chosen from UI or by using the command `mesheryctl system login`:
```

> ![Providers](/assets/img/providers/provider_screenshot.png)

Reviewer: I think there seems to be an issue with the image. It isn't visible to me in the preview mode.

```
➜  ~ mesheryctl system login
Use the arrow keys to navigate: ↓ ↑ → ←
? Select a Provider:
  ▸ Meshery
    None
```

> If you cannot see "Meshery" provider and find such error logs in meshery pod's log, please make sure that the meshery pod has the connections to "https://meshery.layer5.io" to initialize remote provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you cannot see "Meshery" Remote Provider and find such error logs in Meshery Server's logs (`mesheryctl system logs`), please make sure that Meshery Server is able to reach "https://meshery.layer5.io" in order to initialize the "Meshery" Remote Provider.
```
